the call of love is a touching film
about paternity
the film revolves around the life of a
boy named jabal
new to primary school but every day
jabal has to take care of his father who
has a labor accident
at the same time he also has to earn a
living to support himself
and the disabled father jabhau
originally lived with his father and
stepmother
but due to difficult circumstances
zhaobao's father left his hometown to go
to the city to make a living
so the kid lived with his stepmother
fortunately
the stepmother also treats jabal very
well
but when the father goes to the city he
has an accident while working
he was completely paralyzed and became a
burden on his family
the step-wife was extremely desperate
when seeking her husband in the hospital
after bringing the husband back to the
hometown she instructed jabal to take
care of himself
and care for his disabled father to
prepare to leave
on the night she wrote a letter to
rupture the husband knew her intention
but also closed his eyes as a figment
the next morning jabal woke up and
looked for his stepmother
but only found the delivery letter on
the table the kid boy
innocently read every word without word
this made the father highly heartbroken
and then jabal said goodbye to his
father to go to school
at this point the father at home tried
to commit suicide
fortunately jabal's uncle promptly
visited and stopped his action
the kid came home from school
immediately to take care of his father
and when the house ran out of money
jabal told his father
not to worry because he had come up with
the idea of picking up bottles
and selling junk to make money as usual
after returning from school the boy
makes dinner
but this time while bringing in hot food
for his father
he stumbled hot food spilled all over
his body and face
causing a burn to jabot the father saw
the scene but could do
nothing for his son he was deeply
heartbroken
so when jabal left he committed suicide
a second time to free the little son
fortunately his father's suicide attempt
was also unsuccessful
after school jabal picked up bottles and
sold them to a woman
she asked the little boy why he had to
go and make money
and the kid told the situation of the
disabled father
the biological mother passed away the
stepmother left
she sympathetically bought the bottle
with a high price and gave jabal more
vegetables to make dinner
she even gave the kid an extra electric
stove for safer cooking
when jabal was discovered picking up the
bottles he was teased by his friends as
raggedy kid at this time the boy was
rescued by the class representative and
the kid girl asked the teacher to
intervene
the boy had pity on himself ran back
home hugged his father and cried
the teacher saw that the strange
expression and the academic achievement
of jabal declined
he immediately went to find out after
school
he followed jabal and could not hold
back tears when seeing jabal taking care
of his
father the next day the teacher took
jabal's classmates together to
understand the boy's difficult situation
after knowing the arduous situation the
class decided to help jabal in their way
the boy who previously bullied jabel
also apologized and both
burst into tears at the same time the tv
station also reached out to the family
to help
so jabal will no longer have to pick up
bottles to sell after school
in the whole film jabal was very
optimistic in such a difficult situation
that it is difficult for adults to
overcome fortunately
there's been a happy ending to the
touching story about the paternity of
jabal
and his disabled father the movie the
call of love has taken away many tears
from the audience when it was released
and this is worthy of being one of the
most watched movies of all time